heyyy
its hannah i love you gguys subscribe comment share
subscribeeeeee to hannah liptrot
mmmmm i dont like it
hhahahhahhah this looks interesting
all right you listen good luck okay let
the bodies hit the floor let the bodies
hit the floor let the bodies hit the
floor let the bodies
why
Oh
that's the wrong we see nothing wrong
with me nothing wrong with me
not the guy
hi
oh my
welcome to America's Got Talent see you
thank you oh you're welcome and who are
you I'm David and I'm leaving and nature
we switch them probably should there you
go perfect did you see that did you see
what I saw until your magician we are
magicians yeah ha okay well now is that
what you guys do for a living I'm a high
school philosophy teacher and you what
do you do they're probably going to cure
you even louder I'm a barista so you're
going to do magic for we're not going to
show you a trick we're going to show you
a demonstration of pseudoscience and for
this we need a volunteer actually Howie
Howie could you join us on tape
I have a seat I know if you heard of
phrenology for knowledge well if you
feeling the bumps of the school to
figure out personality traits we're not
going to do that Dave and I came up with
pressure for nah that's right that's by
squeezing parts of the skull we can
actually get you to lose the ability to
do certain things completely play really
say we're pseudo fine can we are pseudo
scientist night you have to touch but
that's okay I came prepared okay you
mind if I pressure for an all your head
if I squeeze here you lose the ability
to play the piano can you play the piano
no they don't count an amazing if I
squeeze here you lose the ability to a
standing backflip can you do a standing
backflip no I'm very cool and if I sleep
here you can no longer read that's right
we brought these cards with words
written on these words all pertain to
you Howie ok I will once again pressure
for an all you know what I'm going to
press I'm going to squeeze your head
taking away his ability to read and now
no longer reason such as gesture no can
you read this work yes yes how are you
have to know key reason yeah okay go
ahead and sound it out what's not it was
command okay so justice you can read
this right weird right now to make sure
what do we think we have a game right
away turn into the word yeah
kill me it was okay haha i just kept
smoking Arriba yes bad word you know
yeah the word you know okay how are yet
to know can you eat this foreign groups
gonna get one Laurel some people over
Gorham bring back anybody can read it
the you're a blue can reason why is that
important you know one more yep yes how
I just witnessed last one loses one blow
Pablo
I'm what it can
he is no longer pressure calling you so
you should be able to read judges yes an
appearance we have it was that saying
comedian perfect yes or no judges can
you read this yes yes germaphobe perfect
okay and yes or no judges can you read
this yes and my name Halle Halle Mandela
please I went out
sounds good i made are not the word you
saw all we saw the same three words
comedian Howie Mandel and germaphobe no
joke on me right then you can leave it
I'm into like pranks and stuff this is a
prank on me wow I got hello hello I
didn't really use my name is Ryan beard
Ryan baton how do you run I'm 18 years
old nice to meet you Ryan thank you son
I've where you from I'm from Kansas City
okay so tell me about you I love love
singing and I am think that this is the
place for me and you live with your mom
and dad I do live with my mom and dad
yeah okay I'm waiting to go to school I
I went to school inside of my living room
I see you home schooled
goo job mom
did you like that
oh, how could I not love having my parents there 24/7
what is the prom like?
what's the prom like?
you know, yeah dim the lights
my younger brother comes in
and slow dance the night away
I like that
so it wasn't your choice Ryan to be home schooled
it was not my choice no
they sort of made you?
oh yeah
what about girls?
did they help you with girls?
to being homeschooled help me with girls? yeah
not exactly. no
not exactly
so, do you have a girlfriend now?
no I do not have a girl friend
and also I've never had one so...
what's the song you gonna sing?
I'll be doing a song called
ladies man
You wrote it?
Ya
look all the ladies are already standing
Look at them
see some ladies are already exiting about
so ladys are gonna love him
I'm the type of guy
that the laydies just can't refuse
I'm the guy who understands everything about social cuse
Hi, Hi.
I like your face
I guess you wonder how I got this babe
a social but ...  laydies never leave alone
well the answer is preety clear
It's cause
I was schooled at home
Who need friens
or relationships
I can get those things from my cat
????
I could stand there till 3 PM
and be completely naked
from my final exams
The only time i thought...
something might be wrong
is when my date to the prom was my
mom
Don't go to the prom with your mom
I go to prom with you
thank you
look at them
alright we can't wait to hear your sweat music
thank you
out
Oh
ah
I don't want to hear the voice
thank you
Oh,  Oh
Somewhere over the rainbow
away up high
the fun song
what about the box behind me where
troubles melt like lemon drops away
above the chimney tops that's where
you'll find me
Wow
the rainbow
I
Oh for the rainbow
why no I
who
hi welcome to America's Got Talent
what's your name my name's pitch the
Magic Dragon you might have heard them
out with a brother Steve what are you
gonna do for us today fifth I'm a dragon
milk look it's a magic little bit magic
and why America's Got Talent it was
either this or Game of Thrones and I'll
be honest no i don't to die yet Dogface
govorit ready Heidi Heidi Heidi Heidi I
want my wife sexy for my tea yeah yeah
and how's that going that's pretty good
we're going to just met I'm only kidding
you butch on all right let's define a
router pussy choice gonna say go get off
my heinie come on come on how to get the
public sees him Sorry mate for real
what's gonna happen you can meet a
real-life to magic dragon Heidi is only
one of me on the last of the creepy how
long way Oh year come on Heidi Germany
Franco do you do you have any playing
come I do you do on you know I find it
will to live no don't have you Heidi all
right ready I don't
I over here I go prediction is the
prediction it's not pronounced for later
ready let's touch a bucket any one of
these cards any one of these conjugates
such a backup you cookie there we go
that what that we understand lovely
honey let's see is it this one you like
the comp oh good all right come up n it
just got real this for you that's it
okay i'm captain lovely and if you can
write your name life needing a little
white space on what stop it's in the
white space for everyone sing it okay
i'll ii nothing okay and blow it dry
aloha office brainless you ebay nothing
all right highly before this i made a
prediction you choose the King a heart
lose gentlemen my prediction that's
their inner space so basically Heidi was
wrong but don't worry honey if I could
really do magic it would look a bit like
this
I'll be around where are you lonely
heart no waiting for your home if you
ever change your mind I'll be gentle
Sweden there's a nice break from the
plane howdy say your name sir class is
just for you I keep it yeah yeah it's
$12 January chocolate there's another
book honey return fight quarter get out
of here to look up together Oh
Oh
okay see oh you're standing over I am
how was that oh yeah I'll tell you that
was amazing it was surprising I'll tell
you why it's surprising because you're
you're still surprised I on me yes
exactly i just love that oh yah take
something sorry with you just yeah
welcome there no no you say I'll come to
you keeping walking up the down all day
the beauty is this guy is hysterical wow
this early in the morning you're
hysterical and I love you and I think
you're you're back all right hey fellas
I come up to film your house eight
dollars are right now yeah I need to get
home experience any to a daughter I
found out my hair but the best i can do
give them a dollar store in my life all
right let's move on yeah listen ok mr.
island i miss apparel mr. Peck yeah sure
why not before more it's a very polite
though you have like my silly stupid
ridiculous sense of humor with either
I expect he has friends you realize how
much you smile remember it's endearing
qualities I think and this looks very
good I don't know how you did it but I
give you a thumbs up Thank You doesn't
add to it otherwise it's not magic any
miss through the first guy ever to come
on our stage eat his lunch on stage
while we judge you're a phenomenal act
you're going to go very far in this I am
so excited you joined us today
there's only in my life
ah
Oh
but we will
No
you
Oh
never seen you looking so lovely it is
never seen you shine really
never sing for nothing
do if you wanna
Berlin aroma given hi
I have never seen addressing work with a
high
I've been
lady friend
yes
and go
your birth
Wow
I